---
layout: empty
title: imprint
---

<b>Information according to Sect. 5 TMG (Telemedia Act):</b>

<b>APImeister Consulting GmbH</b><br/>
Friedrichstr. 123<br/>
10117 Berlin<br/>
Germany

<b>Represented by:</b><br/>
Jens Walter

<b>E-Mail:</b><br/>
contact@apimeister.com


<b>Registration</b><br/>
Registered in the commercial register of the
Register Court: Amtsgericht Charlottenburg
Registration Number: HRB 191437

<b>VAT-ID</b><br/>
VAT ID number according to Sect. 27a of the Sales Tax Act: DE314890942

<h2>Disclaimer:</h2>
<p><strong>Liability for contents</strong><br>
The contents of our website were prepared with the greatest care. However, we cannot guarantee that the contents provided are accurate, complete and up to date. Pursuant to Sect. 7 (1) TMG, we as a service provider are responsible under general legislation for our own content on these pages. Pursuant to Sections 8 to 10 TMG, however, we as a service provider are not obligated to monitor transmitted or stored third-party information or investigate circumstances suggesting illegal activities. Any obligation under general legislation to remove or block the use of information remains unaffected. However, any liability in this respect is limited to a period commencing at the time that a concrete violation of the law becomes known to us. As soon as we become aware of such a violation, we will remove these contents without delay.</p>
<p><strong>Liability for links</strong><br>
Our offer contains links to external third-party websites whose contents are beyond our control. We therefore cannot assume any liability for these external contents. The respective providers or operators of the linked websites are always responsible for their contents. The linked websites were checked for possible violations of the law at the time the links were established. No unlawful contents were apparent at that time. However, a constant check of the contents of linked sites is unreasonable without concrete evidence of a violation of the law. We will remove such links without delay as soon as we become aware of any such violations.</p>
<p><strong>Copyright</strong><br>
The contents and works on these webpages created by the website operator are subject to German copyright law. Any reproduction, editing and transmission and any type of use beyond the scope of the copyright law shall require the written approval of the respective author and/or creator. This site may only be downloaded and copied for private, non-commercial use. Insofar as the contents on these webpages were not created by the operator, third-party copyrights are respected. Any third-party contents are specifically identified as such. Should you nevertheless become aware of a copyright infringement, we ask you to notify us accordingly. We will remove such contents without delay as soon as we become aware of any infringement.</p>
<p><strong>Privacy</strong><br>
It is generally possible to use our website without providing personal data. Insofar as personal data (e.g., name, address or email address) are collected on our website, this is always done on a voluntary basis to the extent possible. These data are not passed on to third parties without your express approval.<br>
Please be aware that there are inherent security risks in transmitting data over the Internet (e.g., communicating by email). It is impossible to completely safeguard the data against unauthorized access by third parties.<br>
The use of contact data published within the scope of editorial requirements by third parties for the purpose of sending advertising material and information not explicitly requested is hereby expressly prohibited. The operators of the website expressly reserve the right to take legal action against those who send unsolicited advertising information, such as spam emails.</p>


<h2>Google Analytics</h2>
<p><strong>Privacy Policy for the use of Google Analytics</strong><br>
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” text files that are stored on your computer and allow for an analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of the website generated by the cookie is usually sent to a Google server in the US and stored there. In case IP-anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.<br>
Only in exceptional cases will the whole IP address be first transferred to a Google server in the US and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address your browser transmits within the scope of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google.<br>
You can prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the relevant settings in your browser software; however, please note that in this case it may not be possible for you to use all functions of this website. You can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie with regard to your use of the website (including your IP address) and the transmission to and processing of these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: <a href="http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de">http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de</a>.</p>
<p><em>Sources: <a href="http://www.e-recht24.de/muster-disclaimer.htm" target="_blank">Disclaimer</a> of eRecht24, the portal for Internet law of Attorney Sören Siebert, <a href="http://www.google.com/intl/de_ALL/analytics/tos.html" target="_blank">Privacy Policy for Google Analytics</a></em></p>
